.\" Manpage for roshi. Started 2019-01-18 by Michael Vetter.
.TH man 1  "18 January 2019" "version 0.0" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
roshi \- commandline workout journal
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B roshi
[subcommand] [subcommand switches]
.SH DESCRIPTION
roshi is a commandline workout journal.
It tracks your workouts in a a sqlite3 database file in the following referred to as workoutlog.
There should be one workoutlog per user, similar to having a physical notebook per trainee.
.PP
The first argument should always be the name of the workoutlog. Followed by a subcommand.
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.SS newlog
.TP
create a new workoutlog.
.TP
\-h
display a short help text.
.TP
\-e
fill workout log with sample data.
.SS add [insert-template]
.TP
add a new session to the workoutlog. It can be followed by an optional insert-template. insert-templates have to be configured in the configuration file. See roshi-config(5).
.PP
First it asks to input some general session information:
 * Session name -- A name for this session. E.g.: MartialArts.
 * Place -- The name of the place you train at. For example: Namek.
 * Date -- Date of the session.
 * Start time -- Time the session starts.
 * End time -- Time the session ends.
 * Notes -- General notes about how the session went.
 * Feeling -- Subjective feeling about the session. Must be a integer between -2 and 2.
.PP
Then roshi asks to insert the exercise details. To finish, insert an empty exercise name.
 * Exercise name -- Name of the exercise. E.g.: Squat.
 * Station -- Used for station training. E.g.: A1 for first exercise. A2 for second.
 * Weight -- Weight used in kg. E.g.: 150
 * Sets -- Sets of an exercise. E.g.: 5
 * Reps -- Repetitions of an exercise. E.g.: 3
 * Distance -- Distance for an exercise. For example when running or swimming.
 * Time/Duration -- Duration in minutes, that you do an exercise for. For example Horse Stance for 10 minutes.
 * Tempo -- Poliquin 4 character based tempo notation. For example 41X0. Only integers and X allowed.
   4 seconds eccentric movement, 1 second hold at bottom, explosive concentric movement, 0 seconds hold at the top.
 * Rest time -- Rest in between exercises
 * Warmup set -- In case you want to log your warmup sets for strength exercises. Possible values:yes, no
 * Notes -- Notes about this exercise
 * Tags -- Comma separated list of tags you want to assign to this exercise. For example PR for personal record

.SS list
.TP
list logged sessions.
.SS show
.TP
show the exercises in a session.
.TP
\-i
lookup based on index instead of session name. Index can be retrieved via
.B
list.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Create new workoutlog for trainee 'Charles' that already contains some sample data
.B roshi
charles.log newlog
.PP
.TP
List logged sessions for 'Charles'
.B roshi
charles.log list
.PP
.SH EXIT STATUS
roshi returns a zero exist status if all goes well.
.SH AUTHOR
Michael Vetter (jubalh@iodoru.org)
.SH SEE ALSO
roshi-config(5) gnuplot(1)
